well howdy they're going to know people
it's boyoung tonight we're going to talk
about the need for systemic reform
systemic change getting a lot of
questions right now they all boil down
to pretty much the same thing you know
it's hey I'm trying to explain to my
friend co-worker relative that we need
deep systemic change in the culture of
law enforcement and you know I've done
on the statistics I've shown how often
they're wrong when they when they engage
and they use force I've shown how many
people a year it affects I've shown all
of this but they still don't seem to get
it they still try to find some way to
excuse it and it gets to the point where
I'm just angry I understand that it
makes sense I think the easiest way to
do it is to illustrate something that
actually happened so what we're going to
do is we're going to take one case and
we're going to pick it apart and
demonstrate how if law enforcement was
more intent on public service rather
than maintaining an image is a warrior
cop that things would have gone
differently so what we're gonna do
tonight is we're going to talk about the
case of
[Music]
it's 2:00 a.m. hey what was the name of
a person that I wrote the unarmed person
that got shot I wrote the article about
it I don't know you edited it Tamir rice
no I remember I was a kid in the park
John Crawford mm-hmm that was a guy in
the Walmart with the BB gun in an open
carry state Daniel shaver which one was
that the one where the cop challenged
him to life or death Simon Says oh that
was horrible that's a horrible video but
no that was not it here no no they
killed her no mm-hmm keep going
no no which one was oh yeah no no Alton
Stirling yes yes that's it that's it
that's it thank you
thank you great good night this video is
based on a real conversation there are
so many unarmed people killed by police
journalists can't even keep track we
might want to take that as a sign that
we need to change the system anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night